 How to play

1. Click on the Add A New Player button. Alternatively, click the load game button (the blue folder icon on the tool bar) and load the game with the file players.dat. 

2. Fill in the Player Name, Player ID, and Points fields. Click the Add Player button once you are done. 

3. Click the Start Game button to go back to the game tab. Select your player from the player area.

4. Enter a bet into the bet field in the toolbar and click the poker chip button to place the bet. If the bet is valid, you will see a message in the status bar at the bottom of the frame and your player information will be updated in the player area to reflect your bet. 

5. Click the far right dice button on the tool bar to roll. This will roll for the selected player and then for the house once the player\'92s roll is over. 

6. After the house has finished rolling, the status bar will show the results of the game and the player\'92s new balance will be updated in the player area.

How to use the tool bar

From left to right:

Save button: Saves all the current players and their current points. Clicking the button opens a file chooser that allows the user to select where they want to save the file. 

Load button: Opens a file chooser to load the players from a previously saved game. 

Delete button: This button deletes the selected player from the game.

Bet button: Places a bet for the selected player. Enter the amount to bet in the field to the right.

Bet field: This is where the user enters the amount to bet. 

Roll button: Rolls the dice for the player, then the house, and shows the results.

------------------------------------------

Known bugs

Sometimes the player area will shrink after house has rolled and the game needs to be closed and reopened. It rarely happens and I don\'92t know what the cause is. 
